docs: use CssExtractRspackPlugin and experiments.css together (#7114)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/guide/tech/css.mdx

# CSS

CSS is a first-class citizen with Rspack. Rspack has the ability to handle CSS out-of-box, just need to set `experiments.css` to `true`.

By default, files ending in `*.css` are treated as `css` module type. Files ending in `*.module.css` are treated as `css/module` module types.

> You can also customize which modules are CSS modules by configuring `type: 'css'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also customize which modules are CSS modules by configuring `type: 'css/auto'`.
```

```js title=rspack.config.js
module.exports = {
  module: {
    rules: [
      {
        test: /\.less$/,

>         type: 'css', // 👈

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        type: 'css/auto', // 👈
```
